Token incentives (#21)
mithraiclabs/psyoptions-docs: docs/token-incentives.md

and how those contributions are rewarded.

PsyOptions aims to foster an engaging and collaboritive community, join our 
[discord](https://discord.com/invite/MgDdJKgZJc) or [telegram](https://t.me/psyoptions) 
to get involved in the conversations! Note: The core contributors are most active in Discord.

## Developer Contributions
Contribute code, get PSY!

### Grants
If you have an idea for some sort of protocol, UI Component, or anything else that is useful
for the PsyOptions ecosystem please reach out to developers@psyoptions.io. PsyOptions is actively 
looking to partner and reward developers that want to build with us. 

#### Examples

##### Structured Products
Any sort of structured product that leverages the PsyOptions protocol.

##### AMM
An AMM that uses contracts from PsyOptions.

### Bounties
Below is a list of bounties PsyOptions is offering for developers in our community to help out. 
If you're interested in working on, have completed one, etc. please reachout to 
developers@psyoptions.io so the list can update accordingly!

| Bounty Title | Short Description | More Info | PSY Allocated |
| ------------ | ----------------- | --------- | :-----------: |

> | Borrow on the Writer Token | A borrow lending protocol could allow the Writer Token to used as collateral, so option writers can get back some of their underlying. | Detailed ticket coming soon | TBD |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Borrow on the Writer Token | A borrow lending protocol could allow the Writer Token to be used as collateral, so option writers can get back some of their underlying. | Detailed ticket coming soon | TBD |
```

| Multi-legged strategy UI component | A react component that leverages the PsyOptions bindings to display payoffs and execute multi-legged strategies | Detailed ticket coming soon | TBD | 

## DeFi Thought Leaders
The core contributors are incredible engineers, but are all retail traders. There are ideas 
on where PsyOptions should go, but this is a community led project. PsyOptions leans on the 
community to contribute feedback, ideas, and incredible visions about what the next iteration of 
PsyOptions should be. 

If you want to get involved and help improve PsyOptions, please join the 

> [discord](https://discord.com/invite/MgDdJKgZJc) and express your interest in becoming a 

Reviewer: I'm weary of the "join discord and express your interest". I think this is fine for now and shouldn't block putting this out, but wondering if there's a better call to action. Otherwise we're just going to get a bunch of people saying they're interested, but not showing so with action

PsyOptions _DeFi Thought Leader_. If you spur some great converstaions you could land yourself in a private 
channel with other leaders!

## Liquidity Mining
The PsyOptions liquidity mining program is focused on incentivizing market makers to 
provide liquidity on Serum’s order books at the best possible prices. Those that 
price well and have orders filled will receive PSY tokens.

> PsyOptions is a complimentary protocol to Serum, so it has no hooks into actions that Serum handles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PsyOptions is a complimentary protocol to Serum, so it has no hooks into Serum transactions.
```
